MAINT: Use yarn as package manager (#428)
executablebooks/thebe: docs/contribute.md

- npm v6.0 or greater
- yarn v1.22 or greater

You can install it in several ways, the most common being:

- Install Node by [following the nodejs instructions](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- Using the [node version manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)
- Install Node through `conda`

```bash
conda install -c conda-forge nodejs
```

Once installed, also install `yarn` which is what you will run in order to run Thebe locally.

```bash
npm install -g yarn
```

Next, clone the repository and install the required dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/executablebooks/thebe
cd thebe
yarn install
```

This will install all dependencies needed to run `thebe` (specified in `package.json`). By default, `yarn install` will also have created a production build in `lib`

If you are using `npm` v7 you may encounter **Peer Dependency Errors** see comments below to resolve these.

```{note}
Using `yarn install` will ensure that you install the latest tested dependencies, and will not make any unintentional local upgrades. `yarn` uses `npm` under the hood, please do not use `npm install` directly to install dependencies.
```

#### Peer Dependency Errors

> Due to recent changes in `npm` as of v7 peer dependency issues are flagged as critical errors. However, may projects have not yet resolves these issues in their code base, this means that a project's co-dependencies can prevent installation of a package. This is a know issue, to resolve this there are two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to recent changes in `npm` as of v7 peer dependency issues are flagged as critical errors. However, many projects have not yet resolved these issues in their code base, this means that a project's co-dependencies can prevent installation of a package. This is a know issue, to resolve this there are two options:
```
